docs/modules/installation/partials/container.adoc, before:

= Container based installation

To run the certification authority in a container, you'll have to install
a container runtime first. While it is possible to run the container inside
kubernetes or Apache Mesos, we are going to stick with a simpler solution
here.

== Install container runtime

The container runtime available depends on your operating system and
distribution. It is recommended to use the container runtime preferred by
your distribution.

[tabs]
====
Debian/Ubuntu::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# apt-get install docker.io
----
--
CentOS::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# dnf install podman
----
--
SuSE::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# zypper install docker
----
--
====

== Launch certification authority

[tabs]
====
docker::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# docker run -e HOSTNAME=<fqdn> \
             -e BASE_DN=<distinguished-name> \
             -p 80:80 -p 443:443 -p 318:3180 \
             registry.gitlab.com/platynum/certification-authority/container
----
--
podman::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# podman run -e HOSTNAME=<fqdn> \
             -e BASE_DN=<distinguished-name> \
             -p 80:80 -p 443:443 -p 318:3180 \
             registry.gitlab.com/platynum/certification-authority/container
----
--
====

Replace `<fqdn>` with your full-qualified domain name, and
`<distinguished-name>` with a suitable distinguished name (e.g.
`/C=BG/O=My.Corp/OU=PKI Services`). Your node should be reachable
using the full-qualified domain name from all clients.

Commit message:

Added link to official docker installation documentation

docs/modules/installation/partials/container.adoc, after:

= Container based installation

To run the certification authority in a container, you'll have to install
a container runtime first. While it is possible to run the container inside
kubernetes or Apache Mesos, we are going to stick with a simpler solution
here.

== Install container runtime

The container runtime available depends on your operating system and
distribution. It is recommended to use the container runtime preferred by
your distribution.

[tabs]
====
Debian/Ubuntu::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# apt-get install docker.io
----
Please consult link:https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/ubuntu/[the
official Docker installation documentation] if you experience and problems.
--
CentOS::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# dnf install podman
----
--
SuSE::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# zypper install docker
----
--
====

== Launch certification authority

[tabs]
====
docker::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# docker run -e HOSTNAME=<fqdn> \
             -e BASE_DN=<distinguished-name> \
             -p 80:80 -p 443:443 -p 318:3180 \
             registry.gitlab.com/platynum/certification-authority/container
----
--
podman::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
# podman run -e HOSTNAME=<fqdn> \
             -e BASE_DN=<distinguished-name> \
             -p 80:80 -p 443:443 -p 318:3180 \
             registry.gitlab.com/platynum/certification-authority/container
----
--
====

Replace `<fqdn>` with your full-qualified domain name, and
`<distinguished-name>` with a suitable distinguished name (e.g.
`/C=BG/O=My.Corp/OU=PKI Services`). Your node should be reachable
using the full-qualified domain name from all clients.
