docs/modules/ROOT/partials/environment.adoc, before:

== Node-RED

Consult the
https://nodered.org/docs/user-guide/runtime/configuration[documentation of
Node-RED] for all possible configuration options. Some of them have been mapped
to environment variables.

The following configuration items in `/data/settings.js` can be configured
using environment variables:

`NODE_RED_CREDENTIAL_SECRET`::
  this setting has **no default** (sets `credentialSecret`)
`NODE_RED_LOGGING_CONSOLE_LEVEL`::
  defaults to `info` (sets `logging.console.level`)
`NODE_RED_HTTP_ADMIN_ROOT`::
  defaults to `/admin` (sets `httpAdminRoot`)
`NODE_RED_DISABLE_EDITOR`::
  defaults to `true` (sets `disableEditor`)

The following settings should not be changed, unless you know what your are
doing, otherwise the Apache reverse proxy might not function correctly!

`NODE_RED_UI_HOST`::
  defaults to `127.0.0.1` (sets `uiHost`)
`NODE_RED_UI_PORT`::
  defaults to `1880` (sets `uiPort`)
`NODE_RED_ENABLE_PROJECTS`::
  defaults to `false` (sets `editorTheme.projects.enabled`)

The https://nodered.org/docs/getting-started/docker[page of Node-RED's docker
container] contains additional information about the base image for this
container.

Commit message:

Added feature to disable flows

docs/modules/ROOT/partials/environment.adoc, after:

== Node-RED

Consult the
https://nodered.org/docs/user-guide/runtime/configuration[documentation of
Node-RED] for all possible configuration options. Some of them have been mapped
to environment variables.

The following configuration items in `/data/settings.js` can be configured
using environment variables:

`NODE_RED_CREDENTIAL_SECRET`::
  this setting has **no default** (sets `credentialSecret`)
`NODE_RED_LOGGING_CONSOLE_LEVEL`::
  defaults to `info` (sets `logging.console.level`)
`NODE_RED_HTTP_ADMIN_ROOT`::
  defaults to `/admin` (sets `httpAdminRoot`)
`NODE_RED_DISABLE_EDITOR`::
  defaults to `true` (sets `disableEditor`)
`NODE_RED_DISABLE_FLOWS`::
  disable flows by name (`ACMEv2`, `CA`, `CMP`, `CRL`, `https`, `OCSP`,
  `SCEP`) separated by space, by default this isn't set and all flows are
  started automatically.

The following settings should not be changed, unless you know what your are
doing, otherwise the Apache reverse proxy might not function correctly!

`NODE_RED_UI_HOST`::
  defaults to `127.0.0.1` (sets `uiHost`)
`NODE_RED_UI_PORT`::
  defaults to `1880` (sets `uiPort`)
`NODE_RED_ENABLE_PROJECTS`::
  defaults to `false` (sets `editorTheme.projects.enabled`)

The https://nodered.org/docs/getting-started/docker[page of Node-RED's docker
container] contains additional information about the base image for this
container.
